We need a way to specify in a new language construct to connect the language to the component library.
---
Component library and some information about instruction set (could be low level needed to run the component)
Mixer has different phases and run in different ways.
How do we express what we can do with the component and in what way?
In low levels with 0 and 1 or with instruction level (instruction set)

Either write new instrucitons or make new ways to capture it..

Our focus is getting from the aqua language to chip design (architecture)

Main purpose of the language is having a high level language to make the chip do things.

Maybe we don't need it to 

Analyze the code to determine what components we need

--If there is a filter in the language we can assume that there is a filter in the component library.

Our architecture can optimize in different ways. The actual parallalism is done by the compiler to the aqua language for the control flow.

algorithm to decide what components are needed, we can improve on this.
Multiple Aqua files as an input -> This is one option for further since we don't have that opportunity to do it yet..
Contact Mathias for further information about the parser that he wrote


Contamination can be an issue, some things we can wash
We can assume that if contamination will become an issue there is a washing step.
Instructions to wash
Need connection from mixer to a resovoir with washing agents. and to the waste
And the channels also might be subject to contamination

We don't do placement or routing
We can do area cost function --- add up the area of the components used

Area cost models --> doesn't go over the area given as input

Can we evaluate a design we come up with?
making assumptions that routing has certain speeds and components has speeds as well

With sizes and (speeds) specified in the library 

Gives estimates as to the size and speed
--Ranking and we can choose different 

Since we have a lot of the tools, we would be able to write scripts to come up with actual numbers

''Michael Roegard'' has both placement routing and scheduling

Dry part -control layer
Wet part -flow layer

Present the biochips in the report
Valve, architecture
We cannot assume that the reader knows about biochips
But we don't need to go into detail

Define the concepts to define the algorithms

Grammar for the MHDL format?
Parser for MHDL? As input to Michael routing and placement tools NETLIST


Algorithm to suggest multiple designs with different features
